Your engineers are already running AI agents.
Gödel's Gate is the runtime security layer
that sees everything they do,
and decides what they're allowed to do.
Every action flows from the user, to the agent,
to the data source, and ends in a decision.
Safe work moves at full speed.
Risky actions stop before they cause damage.
Every event is counted and attributed.
Open any event to see the full story:
who initiated it,
which device was used,
and which agent and model were involved,
along with a threat summary
and a tamper-evident audit trail.
Data Authority governs agent execution through trust.
Trusted data becomes context.
Untrusted data does not.
Only trusted context can change an agent's behavior.
So, a hidden instruction buried inside a webpage or ticket
can be read,
but never obeyed.
Every alert includes a complete causal chain,
from data origin, to action, to effect.
Not a guess. A provable sequence of events.
Apply organization-wide policies
across your entire agent fleet.
Connect once,
and every agent is detected automatically.
Gödel's Gate.
Protecting AI agents everywhere they run.